Refactor the configuration and CLI documentation pages (#324)
XanaduAI/strawberryfields: doc/introduction/photonic_hardware.rst

> Photonic hardware

Author: Need to look at it in terms of the sidebar, since this will be visible on all pages:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2959003/77131679-6afb6180-6aac-11ea-9118-2422082a248a.png)

> Photonic hardware

Reviewer: Still think it could be placed higher - e.g. between Intro and Graphs and Networking. But depends how much we want to highlight at this stage.

> Photonic hardware

Author: Yep, I don't really mind where it goes - @co9olguy? Is it something we want to move up when availability is more widespread, or move it up now? Only issue is that currently most users won't be able to provision API keys.

> Photonic hardware

Reviewer 2: Move it on up :)

> Photonic hardware

Reviewer 2: > I was on two fences about the title.. but now I think I like it grin

ouch, *two* fences!?

> Photonic hardware

Author: Done!

=================

Using Strawberry Fields, you can submit quantum programs
to be executed on photonic hardware using the Xanadu cloud platform.

Configuring your account
------------------------

Before using the Xanadu cloud platform, you will need to configure your credentials. This
can be done using several methods:

* **Configuration file (recommended)**. Use the Strawberry Fields :func:`~.store_account` function,

>   >>> sf.store_account("AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN")

Author: Done!

  or the ``sf configure`` :doc:`command line interface </code/sf_cli>`,

  .. code-block:: bash

      $ sf configure --token AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN

  to store a configuration file containing your credentials. Replace
  ``AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN`` above with your Xanadu cloud access token.

* **Environment variables**. Set the ``SF_API_AUTHENTICATION_TOKEN`` environment variable
  with your API token.

* **Keyword argument**. Pass the keyword argument ``token`` when initializing the
  :class:`~.RemoteEngine`.

.. seealso::

    For more details on configuring Strawberry Fields for cloud access, including

>     creating local per-project configuration files, see the :doc:`Advanced configuration options </code/sf_configuration>`, and :func:`~.store_account` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    creating local per-project configuration files, see the :doc:`configuration </code/sf_configuration>`, module and :func:`~.store_account` function.
```
Just because "Advanced configuration options" seems to be a page that doesn't exist

Verifying your connection
-------------------------

To verify that your account credentials correctly authenticate against the cloud
platform, the :func:`~.ping` function can be used from within Python,

>>> sf.cli.ping()
You have successfully authenticated to the platform!

or the ``ping`` flag can be used on the command line:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ sf --ping
    You have successfully authenticated to the platform!

.. seealso::

>    :doc:`command line interface </code/sf_cli>`

Reviewer: Maybe this makes more sense to be combined with the seealso above, e.g. by adding a sentence like:
"Further details on the Strawberry Fields command line interface can be found in :doc:`command line interface </code/sf_cli>`."
